Observability: Handle passing 'self' as target deployment-id. (#502)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: docs/resources/ec_deployment.md

}
```

> It is possible to enable observability without a second deployment, by keeping observability data in the current deployment. To enable this use `self` as `deployment_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to enable observability without using a second deployment, by storing the observability data in the current deployment. To enable this, set `deployment_id` to `self`.
```
I might reword this a bit, but it's pretty clear as is so it's just a suggestion.

Author: Thanks, I like your suggestion better :+1:
